Title:
django_yaba, aka, django-yet-another-blog-application

Demonstration:
You can see the blog in action at http://www.f4ntasmic.com. That version is a bit customized to my exact needs, but it's basically what you'll get when you use this applicaiton.

I know, we didn't have enough blog engines built with Django right? Hell, finding a name for this one was a PITA thanks to all the others ones that exists. Hence, YABA it is. If anyone else already has this, and I just missed it, let me know, and I'll change the name of this one. 

Purpose:
I tend to blog a bit (http://www.f4ntasmic.com), and have built my own blog previously using Django. I wanted something a bit more flexible though, so I decided to build it with the idea of being able to plug it anywhere with minimal configuration. I'm going to leverage YAML (http://www.yaml.de/en/) for the theme of the blog, so that you can have a fairly pretty blog out of the box within minutes. Anyways, let me know if you have any questions.

Features:

WYSIWG Editor:
   Using http://www.wymeditor.org/. Thanks to http://jannisleidel.com/2008/11/autocomplete-widget-for-django-tagging-form-fields.
   Works

Blog Posts:
   Will allow previews for authenticated users eventually. Backburner.

RSS Feed:
   They appear to work properly now.. Doesn't work in staging, but it does work on www.f4ntasmic.com for some reason. Same code, different results. I'd try to wrap my head around it, but I fear I'd only hate myself for it.

BlogRoll:
   Quite functional. One would hope right? They're flipping links.

Articles:
    The articles are items that won't show up in the traditional main news feed. Also, if you check the "Buttoned" box, then the article will have a link to it on the top main nav bar. Currently functional

Comments:
    Currently in place and work. Also leveraging ReCAPTCHA as well to prevent spammers. 

Social Media:
    Currently can grab your latest tweets, GitHub commits, and builds links to submit stories to Digg, Reddit, Delicious, and StumbleUpon. Github/Twitter configurable via simple settings in settings.py. If you don't want to display your tweets or github commits, just leave those fields empty in settings.py. If those are blank, you'll never see them again. 

Search:
    You can now search for stories based on title/body contents. It's not super advanced, but it's functional.
